Week 1

On Wednesday the group formed together and briefly discussed about the projects that we prefer and projects that we want to avoid. By the end of the day,
it has come down to 3 projects, which were Movie Finder, Car Space Renting System, and Book Recommendation System. We've decided to sleep on it until
Friday, when we would ultimately choose 1 of the 3 projects. We've decided to choose Movie Finder on Friday.

Week 2

On Wednesday, we met during the tutorial and discussed additional functionalities that we have to implement (2 of which will be novel). We ended up
coming up with 4 additional functionalities on top of the 7 functionalities given from the project spec. We had another meeting on Saturday to assign
each group member with their functionalities.

Week 3

On the third week, we were focused on completing our project proposal assessment. On Wednesday, we were discussing on some of the novel functions
and we decided to change one of the novel functions. We were told by our tutor that one of our functions are technically illegal since it was
changing the main functionality of the movie finder system. We've then changed it to a function to easily plan a movie watch together with
your friends. After we've finalized our functions, we start working on the project proposal.

Week 4

On Wednesday, a couple of us met briefly during the tutor, some couldn't come because of the train system being down. We discussed on how to setup
the cloud database to store our user information as well as the movies. We also discussed briefly on how we are going to store and integrate the
frontend and backend. I worked heavily on starting the server up and integrating it with MongoDB during Thursday and Friday, so the team can
start working together on our functions.

Week 5

Week 5 was demo week, and our team had problems integrating frontend and backend, so our demo didnt go as sweetly as planned. I made some extra
security to register function (password needs to have an uppercase letter, lowercase letter, symbol, and number.
Username needs to be between 4 and 50 characters).

Week 6

On week 6, I was working on some of the frontend integration with James regarding user token and how the website should know when
a user is logged in or not. At the end of the day, we got the gist of it and it was working although it may not be the most practical
and efficient way.

Week 7

Week 7 was a lot of work for me. On Wednesday our tutor mentioned that our home page needs to be 'fancier'. So I worked with Alvina to completely redesign the
frontend. She worked on figma on the web designs as well as the logo designs, and I coded it on the frontend. Then, I redesigned the backend forgotpassword function
and integrated it with our frontend system. I also improved on user token and how our frontend system recognizes if a user is logged in or not. I basically finished
the whole of user authentication functions on both backend and frontend by the end of Week 7. 

Week 8

On week 8, I worked on 'my profile' page, and got some basic functions like changing username and email to be working on the frontend. I was also able to display the
user profile picture on the Nav section and on 'my profile' page. The user is also able to change their profile picture by clicking on their profile picture on 'my
profile' page. I also worked with Alvina on the search function. She made the function offline (not on our project folder) and I helped her integrate it to our backend
and frontend. I've also made the premium logo on the Nav bar work (it will open a Modal on hover and user can click a button that will take them to a payment page).
After the demo, I finished working on the backend and frontend of our friends functionality, as well as the frontend of the banned list functionality. I also helped
Will start the dark mode function, I've explained to him how to use 'useContext' and included dark mode context in AuthContext.

Week 9

On week 9, I made a lot of performance improvements. Before, everytime we switch pages, the navbar fetches the user data everytime. I have used state now so it'll
reduce loading time on pages. I also made some UI improvements on wishlist, friends, and profile pages. I finished implementing a function so now the user is able to
pick their preferred genres, and it will then give some recommendations on the home page based on the selected genres. I have also finished the watched movies
function. So everytime a user tags a movie as watched, it will update the home pages in their friends' pages. The movies the user's friends have watched will be
displayed under 'What your friends are watching'. I also finished the border color function, so now premium users are able to change the border color of their profile
pictures. I also added a button in user's profile page to change password (It wasn't there before so user can only change password by resetting it). I also realized
that some of our user stories can be expanded. For example, we had 'As a registered user, I want to be friends with other users so I can interact with my friends.'
This can be expanded to 5 other user stories. Which consists of sending a friend request, accepting a friend request, declining a friend request, removing a friend,
and viewing all friend requests and the user's friendlist. 

Week 10

On the final week, I've done a lot of bug fixing. Will's dark mode function was not fully integrated to all of the pages and some still had bugs in them like dark mode
turning into light mode sometimes for no reason. Non-pro user can randomly get dark mode. So I worked on fixing everything related to dark mode and I also added error
messages in the frontend for Register/Login, change password/ change email/ and change username. I had discovered last minute that we had to do a browse function based
on genre or director, so I've quickly done that function. This function allows the user to pick any genres to browse, and it'll be sorted from most popular to
least popular and alphabetical order (if rating is the same). Unfortunately, it doesn not seem like the team has enough time to finish all of our user stories. On Friday,
I worked on finalizing our source code (adding README.md and make file). And then, I worked on the report, writing down the functionalities and description for all my functions throughout sprint 1-3. 
