Week 1

Group formed. Discussed which project we wanted to choose. Scrum master was 
appointed. 


Week 2

Joined Jira and Github Classroom. Discussed what functionalities the project
should feature. Initial discussion of novel functionalities. Initial discussion
of how we would work with a database.


Week 3

Decided on novel features. Still yet to solve the database issue, but decided
instead to focus working on the project proposal. I worked on writing the
sprints & user stories of proposal. Other members worked on flowchart diagrams.


Week 4

Project proposal was submitted. Sprint 1 started. Further group discussion of 
how exactly our system would function. One member informed us they were 
currently interning and was considering dropping 3900 but ultimately decided 
to stay. We are very grateful for this. End of week I decided to focus on 
frontend aspect of the sprint. 


Week 5

After the devastating news following our first demo, we knew we had to pick up
the pace of our sprints. I created the register and home html pages which 
another member adapted to one which had frontend and backend integrated. This 
is a huge step in progression. Near the end of the week I started on the 
retrospective, and the others worked heavily on finishing the initial sprint. 


Week 6

I did not work much on the project during flexi week. 


Week 7

The week after this would be the demo, so the group wanted to catch up on both
sprints and have a more functional web app. I worked with Hobart on reviews and
we practiced some pair programming during our lab. 


Week 8

We had our demo with the tutor's feedback still saying we needed to catch up on
older sprints and refine the frontend in terms of ux/ui. Weekend I started 
implementing a darkmode feature for all the pages but it was still very buggy.


Week 9

The group stayed back after the wednesday lab to work on their parts. I 
received help from Arya to fix my darkmode issues. On the weekend I tried 
finalising the darkmode features, with only a couple pages needing to be 
tweaked. The following Monday I would unavoidably contract covid.